EDUCATION

I believe in gaining knowledge from wide range of sources. 
Therefore, beginning from my childhood; I have changed more schools than my profile picture.
So technically, I list the ones I remember (Whoa! I remember them all) one by one.



#1. St. Peter’s Academy, Allahabad. 

I really don’t have good memories of this place since I cried the entire year I studied here. All I remember that it was a small school with really nice little classrooms; and a BAD, REALLY BAD security man who did not allow my mom to sit with me in class; and that's what made me cry.
St. Peter’s Academy is a primary school in Allahabad,UP.


#2. Boy’s High School Annexe, Allahabad.

Okay, this was huge! I hadn’t seen such a sprawling campus of a school in my entire little 4 year long life that I had lived. I remember every single bit of this place; and being a boys convent school, I remember that we did get strict punishments too. 
BHS is a convent school in Allahabad, UP. It is well known for it's notable alumni including actor Amitabh Bachchan; and is one of the most reputed schools of India.


#3. Ryan International School, Bangalore.

I spent my early teenage years in Bangalore. This school, being my second home for my 5 year stay in Bangalore, has a special memory attached to it. I have made amazing friends, got to know new cultures, ate all kinds of delicacies ( from other's lunch boxes, legally) and most importantly, developed my interest in Science. Maybe because of the teachers that taught us, I really started loving science.
Ryan International is a private school in like....180 cities of India!  McDonalds, Did you read this? 
Yeah, almost every inhabitable place in India consists of a Ryan School. I am serious McD.


#4. Ryan International School, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi. 

An example of what I said in my last few lines of #3- Delhi is inhabited by humans, so it has a Ryan. Not one, but three. Considering the National Capital Region, there are 10. Not funny. A day will come the earthlings will be replaced by Ryanites. 
All apart, This, yes, the one I studied in; is a really nice school. Awesoe teachers and amazing classmates. Undoubtedly, this place has created my personality; made me what I am today. (Although it is an entirely different story that I actually am nothing as of today)
I have made friends, good friends, really good friends, and special friend. (Oh, That? I rate my friends and keep them into different categories, a highly evolved condition of selection sort).


#5. Delhi Technological University, Delhi.

This is what I am as of now. An undergrad, who recently cleared his JEE Mains and JEE Advanced, got into DTU to continue his study and some research on computer architecture and computer algorithms , but ended up doing this  -  creating a webpage on GitHub.
Yes, I represent a typical B.Tech undergrad of India. 


Thank You for reading!





